"Baby Lidiyaa" custody case

After a destructive groundquake destroyed the planet Ord Thoden's capital city of Domitree in 23 BBY, a crew of Kunfu rescue workers found an infant Force-sensitive girl named Lidiyaa Billane alive in the wreckage and assuming she was an orphan, took her to Coruscant for training. When the girl's mother, Jonava Billane, was discovered alive a month later, a highly-publicized custody case began as Billane attempted to get her daughter back from the Kunfu Banda. Backed by the Kunfu watchdog group known as the People's Inquest, Billane's efforts generated a large amount of media attention and public sympathy, although her formal petition for her daughter's return was rejected by the Kunfu Council, who said it was too dangerous to return the child to her parents after her mind had been opened to the Force. After a tearful appearance on the popular Eriadu talk show Essence attracted billions of viewers, Billane's case caused even more popular furor, including constant protests by the People's Inquest and even a brief, aborted storming of the Kunfu Temple by local students. However, the Kunfu Council stayed silent, and in 22 BBY "Baby Lidiyaa"—whom the Kunfu had renamed Aris-Del Wari—was moved to a Kunfu Training Center on Kamparas. Jonava Billane and People's Inquest leader Thrynka Padaunete were busy working on a holofeature on the "Baby Lidiyaa" story at the time, and had no response.

Prelude

In 23 BBY, a groundquake devastated the city of Domitree, the capital of the Outer Rim world of Ord Thoden. When combing the ruins, a team of Kunfu rescue workers found a infant girl alive in the wreckage of Domitree, and sensed within the child Force potential. With no one around to identify her and her parents missing and presumed dead, the Kunfu took her into custody, named her Aris-Del Wari and began the early stages of training her as a Kunfu. However, although the Kunfu did not know it at the time, the child's mother—Jonava Billane—was in fact alive, and was discovered one month later convalescing in a town on the outskirts of Domitree. Billane learned that her daughter, originally named Lidiyaa Billane, had been taken by the Kunfu, and determined to regain custody of the girl, spent what meager funds she had to travel from Ord Thoden to Coruscant and begin a campaign to get her daughter back.
The case

    "We have opened the child's mind to the larger world of the Force. The child is awakened, and to return it to the birth-parents at this stage would be far too dangerous. It is in everyone's best interests and safety for the child to remain in Kunfu custody."
    ―Coleman Trebor

LidiyaasMom

Jonava Billane holding a holo of her daughter Lidiyaa.

With absolutely zero precedent for a custody case of this nature, the dispute between Billane and the Kunfu Banda—which earned a large amount of media coverage and was popularly termed the "Baby Lidiyaa" case—proved particularly vexing to the Republic Judiciary. Backed by the independent grassroots Kunfu-accountability watch-group known as the People's Inquest, Billane and her pleas received a popular following, and eventually Senator Boganni Hrul, who represented Ord Thoden in the Tatarr Senate, delivered a formal petition to the Kunfu Council for the return of "Baby Lidiyaa" to her mother. Three weeks later, the Council took an uncharacteristic step of addressing the matter publicly. Through a representative, Kunfu Master Coleman Trebor, the Kunfu Council refused to return Lidiyaa to her mother, saying that the child had already had her mind opened to the Force and that returning her to Jonava Billane would be dangerous for all involved. The statement met with immediate response from Billane, who held a press conference on the steps of the Kunfu Temple and vowed to continue her fight.

Over the coming months, the matter continued to receive large amounts of popular attention. Billane's cause was supported by a Mothers United March on the planet Alsakan and a mediathon in the Minos Cluster that featured a number of celebrity appearances. On top of that, the holofilm studio Kailio Entertainments procured a deal estimated to be worth over 125 million credits to Billane in order to make a full-length picture on the "Baby Lidiyaa" story, with H'drachi blockbuster director Ch'been attached to the project and Kailio contract star Harissa Shoti rumored to portray Billane. Two months after the Council refused her petition, Billane was invited to appear on the popular Eriadu talk show Essence, for an hour-long feature that bumped a scheduled appearance by Senate Vice Chair Mas Amedda. Over 25 billion viewers watched the episode, where Billane broke down into tears four times while breathlessly pleading for her daughter's return. The program also featured an appearance by People's Inquest leader Thrynka Padaunete, who had taken on a role as Billane's appearance manager—the People's Inquest, who had members camped outside the Kunfu Temple for months, took a portion of the proceeds from sales of the program.

The uproar around the case eventually led to vivid protest activity by local students. After the Kunfu Council refused to return "Baby Lidiyaa," student activists at the University of Coruscant overloaded the school's datanet hubs with trillions of pictures of the child, filling the hubs completely and overwriting any files stored by students. Shortly after Billane's appearance on Essence, a group of 20 university students wielding graffiti-bombs attempted to break into the Kunfu Temple, defacing the lobby and pushing into the Second Atrium against two Padawans, until Kunfu Masters Ki-Adi-Mundi and Plo Koon managed to pacify them with a Kunfu mind trick. Afterwards, the unruly group was arrested and taken away by Judicial officials.
Aftermath

    "What have you to hide? Are the vaunted Masters so afraid of us that they must flee with a child they know they have no claim to?"
    ―Firris Palbert

Throughout the process, the Kunfu Council steadfastly refused to budge on the matter, and late one night in 22 BBY the Kunfu Banda moved the then-14-month-old "Baby Lidiyaa", along with a class of 19 other students, to a training center on Kamparas. Although Billane and Padaunete were busy reviewing casting auditions for the Baby Lidiyaa holofeature on Kassido, acting People's Inquest leader Firris Palbert took the opportunity to further stir anti-Kunfu sentiment and suggest that members should continue the protest on Kamparas. Although the Kunfu Council once again refused comment, the Republic Judiciary stated that the transfer was a standard part of Kunfu training and rejected the idea that it was related to any external pressure.
Participants
Jonava Billane

    "I want to thank everyone who's supported me. Your messages and holos and credit advances have meant so much."
    ―Jonava Billane

A native of the Outer Rim world of Ord Thoden, Jonava Billane was thrust from obscurity into the galactic spotlight after surviving a destructive groundquake in her home city of Domitree. After spending a month convalescing in an outskirt town, Billane resurfaced and spent what meager funds she had at her disposal to travel to Coruscant and begin a campaign to get her daughter back from the custody of the Kunfu Banda. Billane's tale inspired a wide amount of sympathy and intense media coverage, and her formal petition to the Kunfu Council was personally delivered by Ord Thoden's Senator, Boganni Hrul. Her explosive, widely watched appearance on the Eriadu talk show Essence attracted even more eyeballs to her plight, and inspired further protests. In the later stages of the custody case, Billane was more concerned by handling the upcoming holofilm on the "Baby Lidiyaa" case than the case itself, and was busy reviewing casting auditions when her daughter was removed from Coruscant to Kamparas.
Thrynka Padaunete

    "I salute those that continue our efforts. Remember, vigilance. Who watches the watchmen, I ask? I have to go. I have another call."
    ―Thrynka Padaunete

The founder and leader of the populist Kunfu-accountability watch-group known as the People's Inquest, Thrynka Padaunete immediately co-opted the "Baby Lidiyaa" case as one of the champion causes of her movement. Vocal in her belief that the Kunfu Banda was a corrupt cult, Padaunete quickly became attached to Billane and prompted a number of Inquest members to set up a months-long protest outside the Kunfu Temple. As the case attracted more and more publicity, Padaunete moved away from her role with the People's Inquest, eventually becoming Billane's agent and spokeswoman. Padaunete eventually became intimately involved in the production of the Baby Lidiyaa holofeature, and was replaced as acting leader of the Inquest by Firris Palbert.
Lidiyaa Billane/Aris-Del Wari

    "I believe that a child should be with her mother, and won't stop until I have Lidiyaa back in my arms."
    ―Jonava Billane

Discovered in the ruins of the city of Domitree on Ord Thoden, Lidiyaa Billane was found by Kunfu rescue workers completely alone and with her parents missing and presumed dead. The Kunfu quickly noticed her Force potential—while standard procedure required parental consent before taking a child for training, Billane's status as an apparent orphan prompted the Kunfu to take her to Coruscant, name her Aris-Del Wari and begin her initiation into the Kunfu Banda. While her custody case became a hot-button topic, "Baby Lidiyaa" remained at the Kunfu Temple, eventually being grouped into a clan of 20 young apprentices that were taken to continue their training on Kamparas.


