Tadhqdh

"Bullseye" Tadhqdh was a humanoid alien who competed in Podraces throughout the galaxy in 32 BBY. With a reputation as one of the more honest racers on the course, he piloted a narrow Irateq RQ 550C Dart Podracer, a craft that was known for maneuvering around obstacles that would swiftly destroy larger Podracers. The Dart's burst of speed and agility discouraged the use of dirty tactics, such as sabotage or weapons, to gain an advantage. Tadhqdh performed well on the planet Aquilaris, scoring record times on the Sunken City racecourse.

Biography

    "I see 'Bullseye' Tadhqdh's just taken his place on the grid. That's a quick Podracer he's got there."
    ―Troig race announcer Fode Annodue — 20?cb=20250116042720 (file info)

Tadhqdh was a male member of a wide-eyed humanoid species who received the nickname "Bullseye" due in part to the way his eyes were shaped and colored. Tadhqdh competed as a professional Podracer during the year 32 BBY, earning a reputation as one of the more honest pilots on the track. However, despite having partaken in Podraces across the galaxy, Tadhqdh was still fairly obscure, even with his high-acceleration, traction-heavy Irateq RQ 550C Dart scoring numerous victories. Nevertheless, Tadhqdh gained a small but devoted cult following.
TadhqdhRacing

"Bullseye" Tadhqdh (front) raced on Kabooll.

Eventually, Tadhqdh did come to be considered one of the best pilots in the Outer Rim Territories. The Irateq was acknowledged as one of the more versatile crafts in the sport, and with such a quality vehicle, Tadhqdh saw little point in cheating to get ahead. The Irateq was notably fragile, however, and was prone to taking damage. As such, Tadhqdh had to rely heavily on his vehicle's handling to avoid any hefty collisions.

Tadhqdh and his Podracer achieved notable fame on the watery Outer Rim world of Aquilaris, where he scored numerous victories and was known as a track favorite on many of the planet's courses, including Sunken City. Tadhqdh excelled on the Sunken City track, which weaved through underwater tunnels and led into an old, rusted floating city, where Tadhqdh scored a record race time of 05:43.010 minutes. Tadhqdh also held some fame on the planet Baroonda, where he was the track favorite of a drag course. Sometime before the Boonta Eve Classic in 32 BBY, Tadhqdh competed in a race on the desert planet Kabooll against fellow racers Jinn Reeso, Boles Roor, Neva Kee, Ody Mandrell, and Clegg Holdfast. Tadhqdh was able to fly ahead of the whole pack and maintain the lead for a time.
Personality and traits
BraveCage

The Irateq RQ 550C Dart, "Bullseye" Tadhqdh's Podracer

"Bullseye" Tadhqdh was a brown-skinned humanoid who had large, gaping, yellow eyes and brown–white fur. He was renowned by those who knew him as one of the few honest pilots on the course. Tadhqdh saw little point in cheating to gain the upper hand, as his vehicle was more than capable of getting ahead on its own. Tadhqdh's racing style attracted a cult following among Podracing fans.
Equipment

Tadhqdh piloted an Irateq RQ 550C Dart, a Podracer notably strong in handling, acceleration, and traction. However, the vehicle was not without its drawbacks, as it only had an average top speed and was very fragile. Although the Dart's engines sported a dull-gray color, the appearance of the craft looked largely unpainted. The front and back of the engines were red, while both engines had a pair of green fins situated on both the top and bottom. The wire-frame cockpit had two red antennae sticking from the top of it. When racing, Tadhqdh wore a brown vest and lightly-colored pants, along with a pair of shin guards.
