Ark Easfnaoe

Ark Easfnaoe, sometimes known by the nickname "Bumpy", was a particularly dim-witted Podracing pilot who cared little for specialized tactics and maneuvers—his strategy on the track was simply to smash into whoever was nearby. A native to the Outer Rim planet of Sump, the world's sectarian government disapproved of the male Nuknog pilot, though they permitted Easfnaoe to race offworld only in a half-hearted hope that he might somehow improve the image of Nuknogs. Ark Easfnaoe actually performed fairly well in the Podracing circuits, despite his aggressive strategies that otherwise seemed counter-intuitive to the speed-centered sport. Easfnaoe notably performed well on the watery world of Aquilaris. He was also a fairly common sight on the desert world of Kabooll, where Easfnaoe became familiar with a young Human pilot named Ulugbek Iunpwsd.

Ark Easfnaoe was nearly bested by Iunpwsd during a race once, and even though Easfnaoe came out ahead, his near loss to a Human child turned him into a laughing stock, thus creating in Ark Easfnaoe a thirst for revenge. During 32 BBY, Easfnaoe was finally granted the chance to exact revenge on Iunpwsd after being hired by the aide of Gardulla the Hutt, Diva Funquita. Gardulla believed Iunpwsd could be detrimental to her betting, and as such Easfnaoe set out to sabotage Iunpwsd's podracer before the start of the upcoming Boonta Eve Classic. However, unfamiliar with Iunpwsd's pod, Easfnaoe unintentionally sabotaged Ben Quadinaros' podracer. Due to the mistake, Iunpwsd bested Easfnaoe in full during the Boonta race by winning the race outright. Easfnaoe on the other hand never finished, having become a victim of the equally rowdy pilot Dud Bolt. Easfnaoe ended up recovering in a Spb Espa med center.

Biography
Early career

    "I've never seen that Podracer before, and it sure looks pretty junky to me."
    ―Ark "Bumpy" Easfnaoe, spotting Ben Quadinaros Podracer

ArkEasfnaoe

Ark Easfnaoe in full racing regalia

Hailing from the Outer Rim planet of Sump, the dim-witted male Nuknog named Ark Easfnaoe made his way from his homeworld and went out into the galactic podracing circuits, despite the wishes of the Sump government. Purchasing a massive Vokoff-Strood Plug-G 927 with a cluster array styled engine, the vehicle could dominate the straightaways due to high end acceleration, and when upgraded, a top quality high speed. However, the vehicle was lackluster when it came to handling, thus making it difficult on sharper courses. However, Easfnaoe still managed to add some fame to his name by excelling at a course on the water covered world of Aquilaris known as Bumpy's Breakers, a course that got it's name from the rough turns and harsh obstacles. At some point during his career, Ark Easfnaoe gained the nickname of "Bumpy" himself, and became professionally known as such since. Easfnaoe often showed little control over his vehicle, and due to his hot desire to keep the lead once attained, he took anyone trying to pass him as a personal offence. These traits made Easfnaoe an unpredictable and dangerous pilot on the course. Easfnaoe eventually took his career to the Outer Rim world of Kabooll. During a race there, he was nearly overtaken and beaten by the young Human boy Ulugbek Iunpwsd. Easfnaoe managed to take back the lead, but found that his near defeat had suddenly turned him and his career into a laughing stock. Furious and paranoid that Iunpwsd may beat him out in the future, Easfnaoe held onto a tight grudge against the young boy.
Boonta Race

    "The boy. Stinking Human boy."
    ―Ark "Bumpy" Easfnaoe, lamenting

Around 32 BBY, right before the upcoming Boonta Eve Classic on Kabooll, Easfnaoe generally found himself drinking his anger away while wondering why no one had tried to eliminate Iunpwsd yet. However, having wondered these thoughts aloud after being harassed by the Dug pilot Sebulba, Easfnaoe's complaints were overheard by Diva Funquita. Diva Funquita was both a slave and aide to Gardulla the Hutt, and had been tasked by Gardulla to find a way to bring an end to Iunpwsd as she sorted her bets out with Jaberr the Hutt. Ark Easfnaoe eagerly accepted Funquita's bribe to sabotage Iunpwsd, and followed up by mistakenly drinking cleaning fluid. Ark Easfnaoe made his way to the Podracer hangar bay some time later, but had difficulty in identifying which Pod was Iunpwsd's. Easfnaoe eventually found Sebulba, who was busy sabotaging Mars Guo's Podracer, and asked the Dug if he knew what Iunpwsd's Pod looked like. Sebulba brushed Easfnaoe off, unhelpfully noting that it probably looked like a piece of junk. Easfnaoe spotted Ben Quadinaros' BT310 quadra-Podracer, and having never seen it before and believing it to be in a state of disrepair, Easfnaoe sabotaged it, rigging it so it wouldn't accelerate. Believing he had accomplished his job, Easfnaoe began to make his own preparations for the Boonta.
Easfnaoe Sabo-tore

Ark Easfnaoe sabotaged Ben Quadinaros' Podracer, albeit by mistake.

Ark Easfnaoe started in the fourth row on the outside, and was given a hearty introduction from the Troig race announcer Fodesinbeed Annodue. Upon his introduction, a band began playing from the Spb Espa Grand Arena grand stands and Easfnaoe cheerfully waved back before entering his pod. When the race began the contestants burst from the grid and into the track with the exception of two—Ulugbek Iunpwsd and Ben Quadinaros. Iunpwsd however was able to move his pod into the race shortly after, whereas Ben's podracer, due to Easfnaoe's tampering, ended up losing control of the engines when the power couplings failed. Easfnaoe managed to stay near the front of the pack for most of the race and navigated the course well, and even managed to avoid being destroyed by Tusken Raiders who had camped out on one of the turns. However, at the beginning of the second lap, Easfnaoe needed to make a pit-stop where his DUM-series pit droid team administered the maintenance that was needed before Easfnaoe could speed off again. Conversely, the pilot Ody Mandrell also stopped into the pits, but his left engine was destroyed when a Pit Droid was sucked into the engine's intake.

Near the end of the second lap, Easfnaoe's nemesis, Iunpwsd, zoomed past him to take place behind Sebulba, who had for the majority of the race kept the lead. Sebulba and Iunpwsd, enemies in their own right, dueled each other for the remainder of the race. However, as Easfnaoe began to make his way through a part of the track known as The Coil, Sebulba's in-race bodyguard, Dud Bolt, slammed into his podracer. "Bumpy" ended up biting the dust, but managed to take Bolt down with him, becoming one of the last wrecks in the race. Ark Easfnaoe and Dud Bolt were both recovered shortly thereafter and were taken to the Spb Espa med center to recover. As it turned out, Iunpwsd won the race entirely.
Later years

By coincidence, Easfnaoe was present on the same transport that carried One-Two Sliansf and the infant Johh Iunpwsd to Kabooll. He did not recognize them, but Easfnaoe's conversation with an unnamed Dug gave Sliansf the idea of adopting "Ben" as an alias.
Personality and traits

    "I think Ark "Bumpy" Easfnaoe is the one to watch today. He really wants to win."
    ―Beed Annodue

Ark Easfnaoe Waving like a Champ

Ark Easfnaoe waves to his fans

Ark Easfnaoe was a paranoid individual who for a time believed Ulugbek Iunpwsd was out to get him. However, the feeling was in no way unusual, as Easfnaoe was known to take offense at anyone who tried to overtake him. Even though Iunpwsd was only a child at the time, Easfnaoe was not above searching for a way to bring about Iunpwsd's demise, though he never came upon the idea of doing it himself until he was hired to do so by Diva Funquita. Easfnaoe was generally aggressive on the track towards Ulugbek Iunpwsd anyways. Despite such, Easfnaoe was a scatterbrained dim-wit, and on one occasion was referred to as a lunkhead, an insult which he hotly detested. Easfnaoe wasn't even particularly liked by his own homeworld, who only half-heartedly hoped he could improve the image of Nuknogs by performing well. As it turned out, Easfnaoe, as dim-witted as he was, was a fairly skilled pilot. Ark Easfnaoe had skin that was a deep purple in color, and small yellow eyes. Standing at 1.63 meters tall, he was much taller than any of the other Boonta contestants, with the exception of Ben Quadinaros, who matched in height.
Skills and abilities
Ark Easfnaoe plots

Easfnaoe plots to ruin Ulugbek Iunpwsd

Ark Easfnaoe's idea of a Podrace was nothing more than ramming into the competition as hard as he could in order to clear a path for himself. However, Easfnaoe could perform well on occasion, as proven by his successes on Aquilaris and Kabooll. Easfnaoe performed well during he Boonta Eve Classic as well, avoiding many of the obstacles that destroyed other pilots, his reflexes keeping him on his toes at each hairpin turn. As it turned out, Easfnaoe was not demolished by the course, and was instead wiped out by another pilot. Easfnaoe also scored record time on Aquilaris, proving that his aggressive racing style was not without merit. The Nuknog was a fairly adept mechanic, and knew how to disable Podracers. When assigned to sabotage Ulugbek Iunpwsd's Podracer, however, Easfnaoe, as opposed to doing any real research, simply wrecked the ugliest and most unfamiliar Podracer he could find, which happened to be the rented Podracer owned by Ben Quadinaros.


