'Ndranth Poussan was a starfighter pilot in the Rebel Alliance during the Galactic Civil War. A native of the planet Agamar, Poussan joined the Alliance after a speech there by Chief of State Mon Mothma. Poussan was still undergoing training aboard the Mon Calamari Big Cruiser Independence when a shortage of pilots saw him called up for his first combat mission, providing cover for the evacuation of the Rebel base on Brigia. He was killed in battle when his X-wing collided with a TIE fighter.

Biography
Joining the Alliance

    "What do you think will happen now?"
    "We wait."
    ―'Ndranth Poussan and Sunnar Jan-lo, after arriving on the Independence

Agamar-TOSVC

Poussan's homeworld of Agamar

'Ndranth Poussan was a native of the planet Agamar, located in the Lahara sector of the Outer Rim Territories, during the Imperial era. By 1 BBY, a resistance had begun on Agamar in opposition to the rule of the Galactic Empire. Following an Imperial attack on the Agamarian town of Tondatha, Mon Mothma, Chief of State of the Alliance to Restore the Republic, went to Agamar in the hopes of bringing the resistance into the growing Rebellion. Subsequent to Mothma's speech to resistance members at a rally in the Agamarian capital of Calna Muun, Poussan was one of four Agamarians who decided to enlist as a pilot in the Alliance Bigfighter Corps.

Poussan traveled to the waiting Mon Calamari Big Cruiser Independence aboard a Rebel shuttle along with the other new recruits, Keyan Farlander, Sunnar Jan-lo, and Breth Gart. Upon arrival, the recruits were shown to their quarters and assigned liaison officers for the duration of their training. After learning the basics of starfighter operations in the pilot proving grounds, the group proceeded to simulated combat scenarios. When Farlander became the first to complete his training and enter active duty, Poussan's training was behind that of Jan-lo.
Evacuation of Brigia

    "Still angry over the news about Poussan, I engaged T/F groups Alpha, Beta and Delta."
    ―Keyan Farlander's after-action report following Poussan's death

Independence

Poussan was trained aboard the Independence.

The Alliance soon learned of a major Imperial offensive code-named Operation Strike Fear, which was to begin with an assault on the main Rebel base on the planet Brigia. Alliance High Command decided to launch a complete evacuation of all equipment and personnel, dispatching starfighters from the Independence to provide cover for the senior staff shuttles and equipment transports. Although Poussan had not yet completed his training, an extra pilot was needed for the mission, and he was selected to fly an X-wing starfighter. Not long after the Rebel forces arrived in the system, the Imperial-class Big Destroyer Invincible dropped out of hyperspace and began launching fighters. Poussan was killed in the ensuing melee when he collided with a TIE fighter while his shields were low.

Jan-lo took part in her first assignment the following day and informed Farlander of Poussan's death when the two pilots attended the mission briefing. Angry over the death of his fellow Agamarian, Farlander took out his frustration on enemy TIE fighters.
Personality and traits

    "How did he get into the action in the first place? When I left training, he was behind you."
    "Don't know. I think he was just in the wrong place when they needed another body in a starfighter. Bad luck, I guess."
    ―Keyan Farlander and Sunnar Jan-lo

A tall, thin Human male with reddish hair and small, slit-like eyes, 'Ndranth Poussan was still a young man when he joined the Rebel Alliance. He found it difficult to stay calm on the shuttle ride from his homeworld of Agamar to the Independence, noticeably fidgeting throughout. In his training as a pilot aboard the Independence, Poussan lagged behind Farlander and Jan-lo, both of whom had joined the Alliance at the same time as him, and he was killed during his first mission.


